Changes to post members API page for 1.0 create in AU (#17675)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/administrativeunit-post-members.md

| mailNickname | string | The mail alias for the group. These characters cannot be used in the mailNickName: `@()\[]";:.<>,SPACE`. Required. |
| securityEnabled | boolean | Set to **true** for security-enabled groups, including Microsoft 365 groups. Required. |
| owners | [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) collection | This property represents the owners for the group at creation time. Optional. |
| members | [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) collection | This property represents the members for the group at creation time. Optional. |
|visibility|String|Specifies the visibility of a Microsoft 365 group. Possible values are: `Private`, `Public`, `HiddenMembership`, or empty (which is interpreted as `Public`).|

## Response

If successful, adding an existing object (using `$ref`) returns `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body. 

When creating a new group (without `$ref`), this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a [group](../resources/group.md) object in the response body. The response includes only the default properties of the group.

## Examples
### Example 1: Add an existing user or group

> The following will add an existing user or group to the administrative unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request adds an existing user or group to an administrative unit.
```

{
  "@odata.id":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/groups/{id}"
}
```

In the request body, provide the `id` of the [user](../resources/user.md) or [group](../resources/group.md) object you want to add.

#### Response
The following is an example of the response.
 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "name": "post_administrativeunits_members_ref"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

### Example 2: Create a new group
The following example creates a new group in the administrative unit.

#### Request
The following is an example of the request.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "post_administrativeunits_members"
} -->
``` http

> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/directory/administrativeUnits/{id}/members
> Content-type: application/json
> Content-length: 244

Reviewer: nit: 
+ Use a valid id value in the URL.
+ Delete content-length header.
```suggestion
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/directory/administrativeUnits/{id}/members
Content-type: application/json
```
